Run `python3 dev/update_changelog.py --prev-version 2.1...` (#12271)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.13.2 (2024-06-06)

MLflow 2.13.2 is a patch release that includes several bug fixes and integration improvements to existing
features.

Features:

> - [Tracking] Provide a way to set urllib's connection number and max size (#12227, @chenmoneygithub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tracking] Provide a way to set `urllib`'s connection number and max size (#12227, @chenmoneygithub)
```

- [Tracking] Support UC directory as MLflow MetaDataset (#12224, @chenmoneygithub)

Bug fixes:

- [Models] Fix inferring `mlflow[gateway]` as dependency when using `mlflow.deployment` module (#12264, @B-Step62)

> - [Tracking] [MLflow] Flatten the model_config with / sep before logging as params to MLflow (#12190, @sunishsheth2009)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tracking] Flatten the model_config with / sep before logging as params to MLflow (#12190, @sunishsheth2009)
```
